v1.16.0 Release (#77)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-networking: README.md

Reviewer: The compatibility matrix (Line 41) should have only the following Kubernetes versions: `v1.26`, `v1.27`, and `v1.28`.

Reviewer: The installation example (L70) must reference to the version we are releasing: `v1.16.0`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed by https://github.com/sighupio/fury-kubernetes-networking/commit/23537b61d62a57a7f0c8ed61723519906cf9f137

| Package                    | Version  | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [calico](katalog/calico)   | `3.27.0` | [Calico][calico-page] CNI Plugin. For cluster with `< 50` nodes.                                                                                     |
| [cilium](katalog/cilium)   | `1.15.0` | [Cilium][cilium-page] CNI Plugin. For cluster with `< 200` nodes.                                                                                    |

> | [tigera](katalog/tigera)   | `1.30.7` | [Tigera Operator][tigera-page], a Kubernetes Operator for Calico, provides pre-configured installations for on-prem and for EKS in policy-only mode. |

Reviewer: The version of the Tigera operator is not the same as the Calico version it manages.
I suggest using the latest version of the operator.

```suggestion
| [tigera](katalog/tigera)   | `1.33.0` | [Tigera Operator][tigera-page], a Kubernetes Operator for Calico, provides pre-configured installations for on-prem and EKS in policy-only mode. |
```

Look at its repository: https://github.com/tigera/operator/releases/tag/v1.33.0

Reviewer: You are right, but the README still has `v1.30.7`. You can change the version to `v1.32.3` if it's okay to use that version.
I was suggesting to upgrade to v1.33.0 since it's available from the project upstream

Reviewer 2: Set as v1.32.3
